Release notes for v0.6.0 (#124)
confidential-containers/documentation: releases/v0.6.0.md

# Release Notes for v0.6.0
Release Date: June 7th, 2023

Please see the [quickstart guide](../quickstart.md) for details on how to try out Confidential
Containers.

Please refer to our [Acronyms](https://github.com/confidential-containers/documentation/wiki/Acronyms)
and [Glossary](https://github.com/confidential-containers/documentation/wiki/Glossary) pages for a
definition of the acronyms used in this document.

## What's new
- Support for attesting pod VMs with Azure vTPMs on SEV-SNP
- Support for using Project Amber as an attestation service
- Support for Cosign signature validation with s390x

> - Pulling guest images with many layers can no longer cause guest CPU starvation.

Reviewer: I'd remove the dot at the end of the 2 last bullet points to be consistent with the previous 3 points

Author: This bullet is a sentence where the others are not.

- Attestation Service upgraded to avoid several security issues in Go packages.

## Hardware Support
Confidential Containers is tested with attestation on the following platforms:
- Intel TDX
- AMD SEV(-ES)
- Intel SGX

The following platforms are untested or partially supported:
- IBM Secure Execution (SE) on IBM zSystems (s390x) running LinuxONE
- AMD SEV-SNP

The following platforms are in development:
- ARM CCA

## Limitations
The following are known limitations of this release:

- Platform support is currently limited, and rapidly changing

>   * Image signature validation with AMD SEV-ES is not covered by CI.

Reviewer: Similar I'd be consistent and use dots at the end of all the bullet points or not at all

- SELinux is not supported on the host and must be set to permissive if in use.
- Attestation and key brokering support varies by platform.
  * The generic KBS is only supported on TDX. Other platforms have different solutions.
- The format of encrypted container images is still subject to change
  * The [oci-crypt](https://github.com/containers/ocicrypt) container image format itself may still change
  * The tools to generate images are not in their final form
  * The image format itself is subject to change in upcoming releases
  * Image repository support for encrypted images is unequal
- CoCo currently requires a custom build of `containerd`
  * The CoCo operator will deploy the correct version of `containerd` for you
  * Changes are required to delegate `PullImage` to the agent in the virtual machine
  * The required changes are not part of the vanilla `containerd`
  * The final form of the required changes in `containerd` is expected to be different

>   * `crio` is not supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`crio` is supported only with `cloud-api-adaptor`

Reviewer 3: Yes would be a fairer way to relate to crio.

- CoCo is not fully integrated with the orchestration ecosystem (Kubernetes, OpenShift)
  * OpenShift support is not yet complete.
  * Existing APIs do not fully support the CoCo security and threat model. [More info](https://github.com/confidential-containers/community/issues/53)
  * Some commands accessing confidential data, such as `kubectl exec`, may either fail to work, or incorrectly expose information to the host
  * Container image sharing is not possible in this release
  * Container images are downloaded by the guest (with encryption), not by the host

>   * As a result, the same image will be downloaded separately by every pod using it, not shared between pods on the same host. [More info](https://github.com/confidential-containers/community/issues/66)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CoCo integration with Kubernetes is work in progress
  * Current APIs do not fully support the CoCo security and threat model. [More info](https://github.com/confidential-containers/community/issues/53)
  * Some commands such as `kubectl exec`, might incorrectly expose confidential information to the host
  * Container image sharing between Pods is not possible in this release
  * Container images are downloaded inside the guest (with encryption), and as a result, the same image will be downloaded separately for every pod using it, not shared between pods running on the same host. [More info](https://github.com/confidential-containers/community/issues/66)
```

Reviewer 2: @fitzthum I felt the limitations can be reworded in a positive way and hence suggested the above rewrite :-). 
It's not must and feel free to ignore the suggestion.

Reviewer 3: I like @bpradipt proposed changes , all for more positive :-)

Author: The limitations have been copied from release to release. I will see if I can fix them up a bit.

# Release Notes for v0.6.0
Release Date: June 7th, 2023

Please see the [quickstart guide](../quickstart.md) for details on how to try out Confidential
Containers.

Please refer to our [Acronyms](https://github.com/confidential-containers/documentation/wiki/Acronyms)
and [Glossary](https://github.com/confidential-containers/documentation/wiki/Glossary) pages for a
definition of the acronyms used in this document.

## What's new
- Support for attesting pod VMs with Azure vTPMs on SEV-SNP
- Support for using Project Amber as an attestation service
- Support for Cosign signature validation with s390x
- Pulling guest images with many layers can no longer cause guest CPU starvation.
- Attestation Service upgraded to avoid several security issues in Go packages.

> - Several CoCo components are now also shipped in the Kata Containers payload bundle.

Reviewer 4: I'd drop this part.

There are no "CoCo components" being shipped in the Kata Containers payload.
